feat: Serving Gemma 2 with multiple LoRA adapters with Text Generation Inference (TGI) on Vertex AI notebook (#1586)
GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai: open-models/README.md

- [serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb](./serving/cloud_run_ollama_gemma2_rag_qa.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy an open source RAG pipeline to Cloud Run using Ollama and the Gemma 2 model.
- [serving/vertex_ai_text_generation_inference_gemma.ipynb](./serving/vertex_ai_text_generation_inference_gemma.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy Google Gemma with the Hugging Face DLC for Text Generation Inference (TGI) on Vertex AI.
- [serving/vertex_ai_pytorch_inference_paligemma_with_custom_handler.ipynb](./serving/vertex_ai_pytorch_inference_paligemma_with_custom_handler.ipynb) - This notebooks provides steps and code to deploy Google PaliGemma with the Hugging Face Python Inference DLC using a custom handler on Vertex AI.

> - [serving/vertex_ai_tgi_gemma_multi_lora_adapters_deployment.ipynb](./serving/vertex_ai_tgi_gemma_multi_lora_adapters_deployment.ipynb) - This notebook showcases how to deploy Gemma 2 from the Hugging Face Hub with multiple LoRA adapters fine-tuned for different purposes such as coding, or SQL using HuggingFace's Text Generation Inference (TGI) Deep Learning Container (DLC) in combination with a custom handler on Vertex AI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [serving/vertex_ai_tgi_gemma_multi_lora_adapters_deployment.ipynb](./serving/vertex_ai_tgi_gemma_multi_lora_adapters_deployment.ipynb) - This notebook showcases how to deploy Gemma 2 from Hugging Face Hub with multiple LoRA adapters fine-tuned for different purposes such as coding, or SQL using Hugging Face's Text Generation Inference (TGI) Deep Learning Container (DLC) in combination with a custom handler on Vertex AI.
```

Author: done
